Add navigation bar and the community page (#10)
open-feature/open-feature.github.io: content/home/community.md

---
title: "Community"
summary: "Our channels, interested parties and governance"
date: 2022-02-11
weight: 2
---

## Community channels

The community channels and project meetings will be established soon.

## Governance

The project follows the open governance model,
and invites everyone to participate in the project governance and contribute to the specification.

> Learn more about project governance [here](https://github.com/openfeatureflags/governance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about project governance [here](https://github.com/open-feature/governance).
```

## Interested parties

Multiple individual organizations and companies have declared their interested in the project.

> You can find the full list and join [here](https://github.com/openfeatureflags/governance/blob/main/interested-parties.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the full list and join [here](https://github.com/open-feature/governance/blob/main/interested-parties.md).
```
